Please find a CSV file attached with the mail, containing following data: State_Name, District_Name, Crop_Year, Season,Crop, Area, Production We want you to put up a HTML UI, where by one can 1) See metrics: • Average • Max • Option to see both at same time. over area and production in the data shared. User should be able to specify which field to group on, so that the results can be grouped by State/District/Crop Year/Season/Crop/No grouping. 2) Be able to filter results based on State/District/Crop Year/Season/Crop. Specify multiple values for each filter. Crop year could be a range. 3) Be able to filter results which are in range of production and area. (A control where I can specify a range for Area and Production). Two text boxes from and to boxes to provide range would be quite obvious, look to provide a better UI control. 4) The result should contain a table, either scrollable or paginated. 5) The result should also contain a visualization which will allow me roll up and drill down in following hierarchy: District -> State -> Overall (India) So, suppose say you get a query from UI, asking avg, grouped by district, there must be a control so that a roll up can be done to State and then Overall. Similarly, when user queries grouped by state or no grouping over state/district, there must be a control to drill down to State and District. And when roll ups and drill downs over visualization are being done, correspondingly the data in the table should also change. There would be some server side coding involved. It is not necessary to use any database, but you are free to use one if you need.